what's good people shibori to do when a
common herd were quick with this fast
video because I've been trying to make
it and I'm having technical difficulties
but whatever once a kmart I had to go
pick up some little chest that I order
last week and I actually been the video
there to order two of those and they're
pretty decent for 24 bucks you know I'm
saying but anyway went to kmart today to
pick that up and what was there I wanted
to get in on this Glade expressions deal
going on a kmart if you don't know about
the great expression is the glad
expressions it's bad one get one free
and we have the five dollar off coupon
and the three dollar off printables from
coupons.com the fabric coupon is still
available we also have the bogo coupon
which is what i end up using i was going
originally through the five dollar one
but i did the Boko because if you do the
five dollar one because our 849 at my
stores 849 buy one get one free it will
take ten dollars off because fat outside
all are giving you like a dollar in 51
sent over its for every 2 now I have
like 10 of those of the five dollar
coupon so actually got like 14 but it
will give you overage for each one but I
ended up using the bogo coupon because
they had to they had an old system so
they had to manually put some of them
but they had them they had to manually
put them in but here's how to deal with
work if you do the bogo coupon which I
actually suggest you do the bogo coupon
I'm cuckoo for cocoa coo coo for
coupons have hostesses with the five
dollar coupon but with the bogo coupon
actually gives you more overt okay and
here's why if you have them ring the
higher priced item because the bogo
coupon is for by the refill get the
starter kit free the starter kit is more
so the starter kits are will take 849
off because they're 849 if you buy the
bogo actually if you have them bring the
higher-priced items for you even if you
get these heading ring the higher price
items first because it's going to
automatically you're going too bad this
and it's going to make this one free
glad that one make that one free you can
use the two bogo coupon
amateur you'll need to book the two bogo
coupons did you find that when you're
getting it for you find that when you
get one free and then you're going to
have to for that your bad one you get
one for your bad when you get one free
it already gave you the higher-priced
items for free okay the bogo coupon is
going to take the 849 off but it's going
to give you overage because it are
you're already going to get them all
free with the bogo coupon and it's going
to give you overage if that I know
another problem that makes sense the way
I'm saying it but the bogo coupon is
going to give you overage because it
gave you all is it gave you these two
free and it's badass started kit get to
refill free but because the system made
those free so why don't you be open to
say just do it okay he's going to give
you over I don't know if it makes it so
well this if your store allows it you
know kmart does allow a bogo coupon with
a bogo sale so about for those for those
and about five silly jammers when you
spend over $25 50 your coupons will
double but it has to be grocery in
general marching network grocery and
general merchandise for grocery which is
our freshness food photographer all that
stuff in the grocery section or a
drugstore like body wash lotion and all
of that these are two dollars and 50
cent we have one dollar off coupon on
coupons.com that I Costa this morning
and I posted this afternoon I believe it
is still available but it's a I mean a
dollar off for 13 son it's gonna go
quick if it's not already gone by the
time I put this video up it's a 2000 50
cent dollar off coupon is going to
double you can double 4 like coupons and
transaction and I realized that saw to
her to take one of them off but after I
did all of my transaction she told me
that I was still actually she said oh
well we owe you two dollars in something
saying I'm like I'm not gonna do so what
did I do wrong I couldn't figure it out
at first so I said you know what just
add this on and I knew the fifth cool
part I figured the fifth coupon wasn't
going to double but it did so all of
them doubled anyway and i was still in
the negative so I'm like well I don't
like I don't know what to do like I
didn't know what else to get you know
like when you really don't need nothing
you I don't know what to get so I'm like
what can I have it
can I just have the money she was like
yeah so she just she gave me the money
back which was his mercy sure you
negative doctor said my tax was 213 so
it was actually more internet but the
overage absorb the tax you know and I
got back a dollar 37 so I was like cool
okay and then I did my second
transaction you can only double it says
once per day per shopyourway we worked
for it so just be on the safe side are
you someone else's card to do it again
this time i did because they don't have
any more of those i did actually they
just hit two more so i got two more of
the oil diffusers and two more on the
refills and i got two of the mist and
tour to refill same thing happen again
this time i only had to pay 27 cent I
didn't get over at this time but my
total came up to 27 cent with the five
kool-aid jammers okay because they're
250 this week we got a dollar coupon
doubles to two dollars made it all only
27 cent well long with seating what i
heard is on floor okay made it only 27
cent my tax was dialed 77 so what a
little over she was absorbed the text
and i only had to pay 27 cents which i
used from the dollar 37 that they gave
me so everything goes totally free was a
nice little moneymaker um there's if you
didn't want to keep a capri-sun you can
get a they have i'm kind of thinking
stuff that's a dollar they have we have
a lot of good coupon that came out today
on coupons.com craft coupons for like
the kraft cheese and stuff like that
oscar meyer stuff we have a lot of
dialogue coupons that i posted on my
blog today that you can use that will
double i mean you might as well take
advantage of the doubling since you're
going to be a $25 and there's a lot of
dollar off coupons i posted on my blog
today so you can check those out and
that's pretty much it y'all so thank you
all for watching be sure to check out
the blog coupon or Greg the dude calm I
did an awesome dollar general scenario
I'm try to post the video after this and
that's pretty much it so thank you for
watching divergent video will be up next
it's the scenario so tomorrow so I'll so
posting on the blog as well um yeah and
i'll talk to you guys later peace